Minor updates to learn section (#379)
rollkit/docs: learn/about.md

Rollkit is a sovereign rollup framework that gives developers the freedom to deploy rollups throughout the modular stack, opening new possibilities for rapid experimentation and innovation.

> The Rollkit framework features a modular node that can run rollups and exposes an [ABCI](https://github.com/cometbft/cometbft/tree/main/abci)-compatible client interface, which can be used as a substitute for CometBFT in any ABCI-compatible blockchain application.

Reviewer: the newly added sentence doesn't cover this information that's deleted. is this intentional?

> Here is a [good read](https://blog.celestia.org/sovereign-rollup-chains/) on sovereign rollup concept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Read more on the Celestia blog](https://blog.celestia.org/sovereign-rollup-chains/) to learn more about the concept of sovereign rollups.
```

> Rollkit is an [open-source](https://github.com/rollkit/rollkit) framework. It features a modular node that can run rollups and exposes an [ABCI](https://github.com/cometbft/cometbft/tree/main/abci)-compatible client interface, which can be used as a substitute for CometBFT in any ABCI-compatible blockchain application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rollkit is an [open-source framework](https://github.com/rollkit/rollkit). It features a modular node that can run rollups and exposes an [ABCI](https://github.com/cometbft/cometbft/tree/main/abci)-compatible client interface, which can be used as a substitute for CometBFT in any ABCI-compatible blockchain application.
```

> Rollkit utilizes data availability (DA) layer by having a unified client interface which could be implemented for a different DA networks, such as [Celestia](https://celestia.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rollkit uses data availability (DA) layers by having a unified client interface which could be implemented for a different DA networks, such as [Celestia](https://celestia.org/).
```

## When can you use Rollkit?

> As of today, Rollkit is still in the MVP stage. The framework currently provides a centralized sequencer, an execution interface (ABCI or Cosmos SDK), and a connection to a data availability layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of today, Rollkit is still in the MVP stages. The framework currently provides a centralized sequencer, an execution interface (ABCI or Cosmos SDK), and a connection to a data availability layer.
```
